c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\PersonelTakipSis.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\PersonelTakipSis.pdb
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\GridMvc.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\obj\Debug\PersonelTakipSis.dll
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\obj\Debug\PersonelTakipSis.pdb
c:\users\zka\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PersonelTakipSis\PersonelTakipSis\obj\Debug\PersonelTakipSis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
